Fix link with changing compositor-only properties (#7674)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/rendering-performance/index.md

This final version is the cheapest and most desirable for high pressure points
in an app's lifecycle, like animations or scrolling.

> Note: If you want to know which of the three versions above changing any given CSS property will trigger head to [CSS Triggers](https://csstriggers.com). And if you want the fast track to high performance animations, read the section on [changing compositor-only properties](https://web.dev/stick-to-compositor-only-properties-and-manage-layer-count/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you want to know which of the three versions above changing any given CSS property will trigger head to [CSS Triggers](https://csstriggers.com). And if you want the fast track to high performance animations, read the section on [changing compositor-only properties](/stick-to-compositor-only-properties-and-manage-layer-count/).
```

> Note: If you want to know which of the three versions above changing any given CSS property will trigger head to [CSS Triggers](https://csstriggers.com). And if you want the fast track to high performance animations, read the section on [changing compositor-only properties](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/rendering/stick-to-compositor-only-properties-and-manage-layer-count).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you want to know which of the three versions above changing any given CSS property will trigger head to [CSS Triggers](https://csstriggers.com). And if you want the fast track to high performance animations, read the section on [changing compositor-only properties](https://web.dev/stick-to-compositor-only-properties-and-manage-layer-count/).
```

Reviewer: Good catch on this. However, we'd want to redirect to the web.dev version, as we're migrating old content from developers.google.com to web.dev and developer.chrome.com.
